after
but it's all that all the time all the time end up today percent and on
the cancer
that it's been a victim for ten years
29,200
so I'm still going though a small series e two presentations
building data
on his server
that I have
that I started
so we'll start apart
this library that I wrote
some tours
two or three weeks ago what I ended and years
that's why at noon they killed
about 3 hours of work
so me you you're done so you're
So here is a server in Europe kiir
still under construction for most of these buildings
and then all the worst
I was stressed and so to start
and that's clear
he was
we took the reins to discuss are the worst
we finally decided that it would be better
to start in front of the big building
So here is
so how did I build
the same building so I'm doing a little bit advanced from Iran with
fountains and small flowers to decorate
so I have to buy small fountains
of said convention
Valerie to visit
this party
so while we will return
1 on the right
even the welcome
with daisy building
and everything and everything
current
then little corners reading is more positive
library
I will not make episodes too long
neither too short
it's with just presentation
and then head
in the times this painter
so the little politicians
and from the back
from the building a small garden
still a little fountain
you may have noticed that jimmy
a team around a year earlier
for decoration for once so all the little details that which
cost the most
is that what makes
tim duncan charm audi corner
There you go
so we can go up the ladder
what 2
only problem they had all
credibility
we can play a lot of things to say in short
ch to present
something to discourage
so
in e1 axis of symmetry pump
we can see from
of this line
as much controlled
we will be able to get out of there
and then we go more
besides a girl
an aerial view
raffle welcomed the old people right away
Besides, it's snowing
then in front of the goal
so the video touched 5 5 so I tell you
see you soon foran presentation tomorrow
second building in the next video
I will put the link
in the description and by then I say so very soon